Add new FAQs (#756)
h2oai/h2o-llmstudio: documentation/docs/concepts.md

### BLEU 

Bilingual Evaluation Understudy (BLEU) is a model evaluation metric that is used to measure the quality of the predicted text against the input text. 

BLEU: BLEU (Bilingual Evaluation Understudy) measures the quality of machine-generated texts by comparing them to reference texts by calculating a score between 0 and 1, where a higher score indicates a better match with the reference text.  BLEU is based on the concept of n-grams, which are contiguous sequences of words. The different variations of BLEU such as BLEU-1, BLEU-2, BLEU-3, and BLEU-4 differ in the size of the n-grams considered for evaluation.  BLEU-n measures the precision of n-grams (n consecutive words) in the generated text compared to the reference text. It calculates the precision score by counting the number of overlapping n-grams and dividing it by the total number of n-grams in the generated text.

### Perplexity

> Perplexity (PPL) is a commonly used evaluation metric. It measures the confidence a model has in its predictions, or in simpler words how 'perplexed' or surprised it is by seeing new data. Lower perplexity means the model is highly confident in the sequence of words it is responding with. The underlying assumption is that the model's confidence is correlated to accuracy. Perplexity actually does not reference the ground truth at all and is usually only used to evaluate how well the model has learned the training data. 

Reviewer: > Perplexity actually does not reference the ground truth at all and is usually only used to evaluate how well the model has learned the training data.

What is ground truth here? Perplexity is calculated on the next token predictions, so it always needs some kind of truth.

Author: Shall I remove this sentence from the answer? 
I took this answer from @meganjkurka's [list of FAQs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DM3H62Qq99HJ0vGpSAYS5rVv71HMwXkXUEC4yRkAXL4/edit#heading=h.81cu4n9s1oxi) from Citi.

> Perplexity (PPL) is a commonly used evaluation metric. It measures the confidence a model has in its predictions, or in simpler words how 'perplexed' or surprised it is by seeing new data. Lower perplexity means the model is highly confident in the sequence of words it is responding with. The underlying assumption is that the model's confidence is correlated to accuracy. Perplexity actually does not reference the ground truth at all and is usually only used to evaluate how well the model has learned the training data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perplexity (PPL) is a commonly used evaluation metric. It measures the confidence a model has in its predictions, or in simpler words how 'perplexed' or surprised it is by seeing new data. Perplexity is defined as the exponentiated cross-entropy of a sequence of tokens. Lower perplexity means the model is highly confident and accurate in the sequence of tokens it is responding with.
```
